----

Reframe



What is Reframe

Framework to build web apps

You define React or Vue components and Reframe takes care of everything else.
It builds your JavaScript code,
builds your HTML,
renders your components to HTML and to the DOM,
does the routing.



----

Why Reframe




There are many web app frameworks out there, why build another one.

I used many web frameworks before.
  They provided me a quick start but I alwas felt constraint by the framework.
  I never really felt free while using a framework before.

Over time I got to stich libraries myself and not use web frameworks and glue things myself.

But it's increasingly complex to do so.
    Do you render your components to HTML, to the DOM?
    Super complex to build a modern web app.

One one way .. but another way...


This got me thinking:
Wouldn't it be great to have the best of both worlds?
Wouldn't it be great to have a web framework that doesn't lock you in, that lets you free?
I was up for the chalange



---

Is it possible to create a framework that has no lock-in?

---



# Reframe's answer



Is it possible to create a framework that has no lock-in?

 1. Do one thing, do it well

This is important because
do-one-thing-do-it-well libraries
are isolate,
you can easily switch them, replace them.
Do-one-thing-do-it-well libraries
don't restrict you,
the keep you free.
As a web framework author,
each line of code I write for a do-one-thing-do-it-well library is
line of code of freedom for my users.

 2. Eject

Who knows create react app?
Who knows what eject is?

You can gain full freedom by ejecting all of reframe.


 3. Minimal glue code, instead of perfect glue code

CRA

Instead of making things work for everyone,
we say "
Our philosophy is to say "if you need customzation then eject".
We actually want you to eject.
Eject is great.
One way to think of eject is that it allows to dig deeper in the abstraction level.

At the beginning, before ejecting anything, you start on a high level,
all details are abstracted away for you.
As you go and you need more customization you can eject and go a level down into details.

There are some places that you may never.
That's great,
you should care only about the things you need.

